1) Apply no-scroll + true viewport height (landing only)

In the landing render path, inject:

height: 100dvh (dynamic viewport height) with fallback to 100vh

overflow: hidden

Instruction for Replit:

Add landing-only CSS that sets the landing wrapper to min-height: 100dvh (with min-height: 100vh fallback) and sets overflow: hidden so the page cannot scroll.

Why: mobile browsers often misreport 100vh; 100dvh is the most robust modern option.

2) Use a grid or flex layout that “allocates” screen real estate

Your landing wrapper should allocate:

a top region (hero)

a bottom region (button + disclaimer)

a fixed overlay CTA (telehealth)

Instruction for Replit:

Implement the landing container as a 2-row layout using CSS grid:

Row 1: hero region with 1fr

Row 2: content region sized to its content but capped so it never forces overflow
Ensure the container is height: 100dvh and overflow: hidden.

This makes the hero automatically expand/contract based on what the device can support.

3) Make the hero image responsive to available height

Instruction for Replit:

Change the hero styling so it does not use a fixed pixel height (e.g., remove height: 440px).
Instead, set hero height as a clamp that adapts to viewport height, e.g.:

height: clamp(240px, 45vh, 440px)
Keep background-size: cover and a stable background-position so cropping is predictable.

This prevents overflow on short screens while retaining presence on larger displays.

4) Add a “small-height” breakpoint to tighten spacing on short devices

Instruction for Replit:

Add a CSS media query for short viewports such as:

@media (max-height: 750px)
Reduce vertical margins/padding and font sizes slightly (especially above/below the hero), so everything remains visible without scrolling.

This is the difference between “usually fits” and “always fits” on small laptops and some mobile screens.

5) Ensure the fixed telehealth CTA does not cause overflow

A fixed element should be overlay, not part of the document flow.

Instruction for Replit:

Ensure the “Talk to a clinician. Book a telehealth visit.” element uses position: fixed (or sticky only if it truly does not affect layout).
It must not add height to the landing container.
Add bottom padding inside the landing container only if needed so the CTA does not cover the primary button (e.g., padding-bottom: 72px).