1) Remove :has() and any “container detection” tricks

Instruction:

Remove all CSS rules that depend on :has() and any logic that tries to style a Streamlit container based on whether it contains .hero-landing. These selectors are fragile in Streamlit and cause inconsistent overflow behavior.

2) Wrap the landing page in a single explicit wrapper div

Instruction:

In render_landing(), wrap all landing markup in one wrapper:

open: <div class="cc-landing">

close: </div>
No other pages should use this wrapper.

This gives you a stable parent to target without guessing Streamlit’s internal structure.

3) Apply viewport lock to the correct outer containers (landing only)

Instruction:

On landing render only, inject CSS that sets the app and main containers to no-scroll:

.stApp { height: 100dvh; overflow: hidden; }

section.main { overflow: hidden; }

(If you only set overflow on the inner wrapper, Streamlit can still scroll the outer main.)

4) Use CSS Grid for the landing wrapper

Instruction:

Style .cc-landing as a two-row grid:

height: 100dvh

overflow: hidden

grid-template-rows: 1fr auto
This guarantees the hero gets the maximum remaining space while the bottom content is always visible.

5) Make the hero fill its grid row (and allow it to shrink)

Instruction:

Remove any fixed/clamped heights from .hero. Instead:

.hero { height: 100%; min-height: 0; background-size: cover; }
min-height: 0 is required so the 1fr row can shrink without forcing overflow/scroll.

6) Protect the disclaimer from being clipped

Instruction:

Put disclaimer and Start button into the bottom row container (e.g., .cc-landing-bottom) and ensure it can wrap:

no fixed heights

modest font size on small screens via media query
Do not allow the disclaimer to be inside an element with overflow: hidden unless it has enough height.

7) Ensure the fixed telehealth CTA is overlay-only

Instruction:

Confirm the telehealth CTA uses position: fixed and is not inside the grid flow. Add bottom padding to .cc-landing only if the CTA overlaps content visually.

The single most common reason you still get scrolling

Even with the above, scrolling returns if Streamlit’s default padding adds extra height.

So tell Replit:

“On landing only, remove Streamlit main padding (top and bottom) because it adds height and causes overflow.”

Concretely, override:

section.main > div { padding-top: 0; padding-bottom: 0; } (landing only, ideally scoped)